UNIT-I: Introduction
Q1. Define design thinking and give its importance.
Q2. What is Design Thinking? How does design thinking work?
Q3. Why companies need to apply design thinking.
Q4. Reasoning out the importance of the 4C's namely critical thinking, creative thinking, communicating and collaborating is an essential skill set for students with suitable examples.
Q5. Write your understanding of the four methods applied to design thinking.
Q6. If a designer needs to work with the full potential towards design, what would be the key mindsets required to achieve it? Analyze why and how.
Q7. Given below are the organizations 
(i) NETFLIX 
(ii) UBER, 
justify how two well-known brands have leveraged design thinking to solve business problems.  
Q8. Explain the use of design thinking for business using any case studies or examples.
Q9. Illustrate “Human-centered” and “Show don’t tell” mindsets with examples.
Q10. What does it mean to have a human-centred mindset? Differentiate it from a business/manufacturing-centred mindset.
Q11. Why is it important to have a show-don’t-tell mindset? How does it help the person in the design thinking process?
Q12. List any 3 business-oriented designs which are supported by IDEO. Also, write your observation on the design of GE Adventure series MRI machines as compared to Old MRI machines.
Q13. Differentiate between “Growth Mindset” and “Beginner’s Mindset”.
Q14. Frame explorative, affective, reflective, probing and analytical questions to interview the target group of children aged between 12 and 15 towards the use of gaming toys.
Q15. “Having a human-centred mindset and being mindful of process help designers to use design thinking to its maximum potential.” Substantiate this statement with relevant explanations and examples. 
Q16. Why is it called ‘phases’ of design thinking instead of ‘stages’?
Q17. Compare the design thinking approach for education and for business. Give suitable examples for both.
 
UNIT-II: The Design Thinking Process

Q1. Differentiate between finding and insight with examples.
Q2. Identify the error in the following actionable problem statement, and comment on the same.  “Working Professionals need a way to rest and relax” 
Q3. Illustrate the Empathy map with a diagram.
Q4. “To empathize with others, you need to empathize with yourself” Justify the statement. 
Q5. What are the strategies listed to help one to ‘listen and not judge’ during empathize phase? Why is this mindset important?
Q6. Identify the target user market for the following brands, and explain briefly why you chose that group as the target user market. (i) Whiteboards, (ii) Wireless computer keyboard, (iii) Water spray can, (iv) nylon rope.
Q7. Name and explain any five titles under which the findings are classified in the empathy map.
Q8. What are the three elements of the problem statement?
Q9. Identify the target user for waterproof coating, and explain briefly why you choose that group. 
Q10. What is the importance of the ‘how might we’ question?
Q11. Write ten interview questions to ask students of rural areas who have problems pertaining to education through online classes.
Q12. What is the synthesis phase in design thinking? What does one do during this phase?
Q13. What is an empathy map? What are its uses? 
Q14. Write ten interview questions to ask hospital staff pertaining to the issues regarding the disposal of gloves and needles. 
Q15. The pottery industry of Majuli is characterized by the small size of units, family-based operation, use of traditional tools and equipment, landless people and illiteracy among the artist. The survey reveals that the pottery industry in Majuli suffered lots of problems due to irregular supply and absence of raw materials, financial support, outdated tools and equipment, competition from the large-scale sector, poor transport and lack of advertisement, absence of training workshops and lack of resource and development efforts. The promotion of the pottery industry is essential for the development of economic as well as cultural preservation. The intermediaries get good profits but they face the problem of getting the products damaged, demand dependent on the festive occasion, problems of transportation, etc. Study shows that there is a huge demand for Majuli pottery products in the international market. Buyers are willing to pay a premium for handmade goods, but the potters don’t know how to initiate exports. Write one problem statement based on the above observation, and change it into a ‘How Might We’ question.
Q16. What sort of research is necessary during the empathy phase, and why?
Q17. You are given the task of conducting an empathy interview for a group of new mothers regarding the design of a baby cradle. Form two empathy questions for each block of the empathy map, and create an empathy map.
Q18. List the key rules and principles to be followed by an interviewer.
Q19. What are the three elements of a problem statement? Give an example.

UNIT-III: Ideate Phase and Prototyping

1.	What is the pre-brainstorming mindset that is expected of a designer?
2.	What should a designer look for in a mentor?
3.	Differentiate convergent and divergent thinking.
4.	What are some rules to remember during the prototype phase?
5.	Explain the principles of the Ideate phase.
6.	Differentiate between divergent thinking and convergent thinking.
7.	“Getting stuck is ok” Justify the statement. Also, explain how to get unstuck.
8.	Explain the three stages of the Rapid Prototyping process.
9.	Explain Chi’s three rules for prototyping
10.	What are the guidelines considered while testing with end users?
11.	 Through the IDEO shopping cart challenge, explain the principles one could learn pertaining to the ideation phase. 
12.	Sulekha has given an idea of reducing wastage due to disposable coffee cups in offices by asking employees to bring their own ceramic cups instead. Can you give four examples of a building with a ‘plus’ sign on the idea of Sulekha? Also, explain how this mindset is useful during the ideation phase. 
13.	What are some myths pertaining to creativity, and what is the truth pertaining to them?
14.	What are some rules to remember during the prototype phase?
15.	Generate atleast three different engineering solutions to reduce traffic jams in Bengaluru. 
16.	Generate atleast three different solutions/ideas for solving the issues of death due to manual cleaning of sewage blocks. 
17.	What are some principles that were learnt form IDEO and the shopping cart challenge? 
18.	How does one ‘plus’ upon the idea of others? Why is this done?


 
UNIT-IV: Testing Phase, Product life cycle and Value Engineering

1.	Why is testing important? What are the benefits of user testing?
2.	Explain any four types of testing.
3.	What are the four aspects to consider when testing with users?
4.	If you are doing A/B testing with two different ‘walking stick’ designs, write your own 4 tests that you will do (without users) to identify the better design.
5.	What are the benefits of Testing? Explain in detail.
6.	Explain A/B Testing and Usability Testing with their benefits.
7.	Differentiate between Moderated and Un-Moderated user testing.
8.	Illustrate how simulations will help the designer to test without the end-user with an example.
9.	Why testing phase important? Name and explain any three types of tests. 
10.	What are the tests would you perform for testing a technology that gives 3D printed casts for broken bones? 
11.	Explain how functional analysis of a pencil is done in a value engineering job plan.
12.	What are the sales, profit and marketing objectives at different product life-cycle phases? 
13.	Draw the product life cycle, showing the trends for sales and profits for each phase clearly. 
14.	What is the end goal of a testing stage in design thinking? How is testing without end-user conducted?
15.	What are the benefits of testing in design thinking? How is user testing conducted?
16.	Scenario: While playing beach tennis on vacation, James was wondering: “How come these beach ball sets always wear out by the end of the vacation?” It struck me that these cheap pallets are a good example of fine value engineering. He gets just enough value for the lowest possible price. He paid Rs. 300/- for a set that he only intended to use for a few weeks anyway. Does the above scenario fit in as an example of value engineering? Consider two takeaways of value analysis and discuss them.
17.	Scenario: The production process of a pencil was analyzed using the value analysis technique to reduce cost. Wood and paint were the two most expensive elements in producing the pencil, which shared 37.5% of the pencil’s total cost. A round-shaped design for the pencil was suggested instead of the hexagonal-shaped design to reduce the manufacturing time and manufacturing cost. In addition, normal paints were suggested instead of expensive glitter paints and additional care was required while applying them to wood. With the suggested design changes, the production cost of each pencil was reduced by 25%. Does the above scenario fit in as an example of value engineering? Consider two takeaways of value analysis and discuss.
